Updated documentation. (#1943)
rack/rack: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Rack

Rack is work of [hundreds of
contributors](https://github.com/rack/rack/graphs/contributors). You're

> encouraged to submit [pull requests](https://github.com/rack/rack/pulls),

Author: ```suggestion
encouraged to submit [pull requests](https://github.com/rack/rack/pulls) and
```

git config --global user.email "contributor@example.com"
```

Writing good commit logs is important. A commit log should describe what changed
and why.

```
git add ...
git commit
```

## Push

```
git push origin my-feature-branch
```

## Make a Pull Request

> Go to https://github.com/contributor/rack and select your feature branch. Click

Author: Yeah, this guide has some really questionable advice, I just reflowed the text to 80 characters, I didn't actually write it or rewrite much of it (just a few parts that were completely wrong). I also looked at this (and other links that have `contributor` and thought it's confusing.

> Go to https://github.com/contributor/rack and select your feature branch. Click

Author: I rewrote it, and also replaced the earlier link with `git clone https://github.com/(your-github-username)/rack.git`

git push origin my-feature-branch -f
```

## Check on Your Pull Request

Go back to your pull request after a few minutes and see whether it passed

> muster with Travis-CI. Everything should look green, otherwise fix issues and

Reviewer: `s/Travis-CI/GitHub Actions/`.  However, considering this targets people who have apparently never used git, expecting them to already be aware of CI doesn't make much sense.

Author: ```suggestion
tests with GitHub Actions. Everything should look green, otherwise fix issues and
```

amend your commit as described above.

## Be Patient

It's likely that your change will not be merged and that the nitpicky

> maintainers will ask you to do more, or fix seemingly benign problems. Hang on

Reviewer: `s/Hang on/Hang in/` (unless `Hang on` is some local slang I'm unware of)

Author: No, you are totally right, and this document was originally written a little bit casually, so that's the style.
